La Roche-Posay Toleriane Double Repair Face Moisturizer

Highlights
Hydrates and maintains moisture barrier
Fortifies skin with ceramides
Calms skin with niacinamide

Product Overview

La Roche-Posay Toleriane Double Repair Face Moisturizer soothes and strengthens irritated skin.
La Roche-Posay Toleriane Double Repair Face Moisturizer is a daily oil-free formula that helps restore healthy, balanced skin. This cream works to strengthen the skin's natural protective barrier, providing up to 48 hours of moisture. Glycerin and Prebiotic Thermal Water gently hydrate, while essential ceramides work to prevent moisture loss. This lightweight La Roche-Posay moisturizer also contains niacinamide, a form of vitamin B3, to soothe a red, irritated complexion. La Roche-Posay Toleriane Double Repair Face Moisturizer is perfect for sensitive skin because it is formulated without parabens, fragrance or dyes.

Key Features:

Provides up to 48 hours of moisture for normal to dry skin
Strengthens the skin's moisture barrier
Soothes red, reactive skin with niacinamide

Niacinamide
A water-soluble form of vitamin B3 that reduces the appearance of wrinkles.

Aqua/Water/Eau Glycerin Squalane Dimethicone Zea Mays Starch / Corn StarchNiacinamide Ammonium Polyacryloyldimethyl Taurate Myristyl Myristate Stearic Acid Ceramide NP Potassium Cetyl Phosphate Glyceryl Stearate SE Sodium Hydroxide Myristic Acid Palmitic Acid Capryloyl Glycine Caprylyl Glycol Xanthan Gum 

Directions
Use as a daily facial moisturizer to hydrate and soothe skin. Apply to the face and neck morning and/or evening.

Shipping & Returns
Free U.S. Shipping. Period. View Our Shipping Policy

Return Policy: View Our Return Policy

Availability: In stock & ready to ship! Over 50 people have viewed this item today.. Ships within the U.S. only.

Questions & Answers (2)
Submit your question about this product to our talented team of Customer Care Representatives, and we'll get back to you as soon as possible!

Ask a New Question
Answered Questions (2)
Is the Toleriane double repair moisturizer UV non-comedogenic?
Yes, the La Roche-Posay Toleriane Double Repair Moisturizer UV is non-comedogenic.

Is the La Roche-Posay Toleriane Double Repair Moisturizer gluten free? I have Celiac Disease. Thank you! Kimberly Kreft
The La Roche-Posay Toleriane Double Repair Moisturizer is not gluten-free.

Product Specifications
Item Id	S25550
Size	3.38 fl oz
Benefits	
Hydrates and maintains moisture barrier
Fortifies skin with ceramides
Calms skin with niacinamide
Skin Type	
Combination
Dry
Normal
Normal to Dry
Sensitive
Product Type	
Facial Moisturizers
Key Ingredient	
Niacinamide
Product Form	
Cream
Preferences	
Fragrance Free
Oil Free
Paraben Free
Application Area	
Face
Scent	
Unscented
Concern	
Dry/Dehydrated Skin
Sensitive Skin
Features	
Moisturizing
Staff Favorite

Special Offers
20% off use code CAP24 Learn MoreFree $6 OLAPLEX Travel-Size No. 3 Hair Perfector20% Off Most Brands During Our Customer Appreciation Sale + Free $6 OLAPLEX No. 3 Hair Perfector Gift! Learn More

About the Brand
La Roche-Posay
La Roche-Posay
Using antioxidant-rich thermal spring water from the heart of France combined with the latest scientific advancements, La Roche-Posay is recommended by over 25,000 dermatologists worldwide to treat sensitive skin, acne, aging skin and more. With all La Roche-Posay products allergy-tested for sensitive skin, non-comedogenic and many also fragrance-free, La Roche-Posay is committed to providing a better life for all skin types.

Shop the Brand

Featured In
Blogs & Videos
La Roche Posay Toleriane Double Repair Moisturizer
La Roche Posay Toleriane Double Repair Moisturizer
How to use La Roche-Posay Toleriane Double Repair and Hyalu B5 together
How to use La Roche-Posay Toleriane Double Repair and Hyalu B5 together
La Roche-Posay Toleriane Routine for Normal to Dry Skin
La Roche-Posay Toleriane Routine for Normal to Dry Skin
Meet the Newest Members of the La Roche-Posay Toleriane Family
Meet the Newest Members of the La Roche-Posay Toleriane Family
Pausing the Clock: A Guide to Skin Care in Your 20s
Pausing the Clock: A Guide to Skin Care in Your 20s
The Latest Acne Innovation from La Roche-Posay
The Latest Acne Innovation from La Roche-Posay
Summer Skin Recovery with La Roche-Posay
Summer Skin Recovery with La Roche-Posay
Fall Hydration With La Roche-Posay For Dry Skin
Fall Hydration With La Roche-Posay For Dry Skin
Celebrate Hyaluronic Acid Day with La Roche-Posay
Celebrate Hyaluronic Acid Day
La Roche-Posay Double Repair products
Which La Roche-Posay Toleriane Double Repair is right for you?
